The Joe Rogan experience. Yeah, Jersey's an unusual place.
Jersey has more black bears per capita than any state in the unit.
I don't know if that's a fact, but I believe you. Cause I've seen them myself.
They're everywhere.
You see bears on.
Your property. Not on my property,
but when I used to stay with my aunt in the Poconos,
the bears used to come in her backyard.
Cause there was like a scream in the backyard and they would like come in there
and just grab a fish out of there.
They killed the kid. One,
bear killed a kid a couple of years ago from one of the colleges.
What college was it? The one near new Brunswick. What was it?
And you've never seen the video in Jersey at a walking bed,
a bed that would walk on two feet through people's back yards.
Hell yeah. That happened.
There it is. Look at it. A little video. The bear walking around.
Oh yeah. That's uh, yeah. That's uh, you know who believes in big foot? Yeah.
You have a believer in the studio right now. Who believes in big foot.
Do you really?
Yeah, absolutely.
100% Believe.
But you know what? I believe in big foot because of like mousses,
you know what I'm saying?
[inaudible] you see something. If you see a, a species like a mousse, God,
look at this. At some point in life,
somebody was trying to explain that to somebody else. It's like, man,
get the outta here.
Right now. When he's trying to explain it to me, we look at the size of that.
God, that's insane. And elegant. Look at those legs.
The you up to there's a, those are the rare deer species that will stop death.
Yeah. They used to dealing with wolves. If they think you're a threat,
they just run up on you and stomp you to death.
Why don't you believe in Bigfoot that? Well,
I actually did a television show where I went hunting for them.
Finding.
The no, no, no. It was, I did a show called Joe Rogan questions,
everything we spent a whole week in the Pacific Northwest talking to Bigfoot
hunters. We camped out there.
Me and Duncan Trussell went and interviewed scientists and interviewed all these
different archeologists,
all these different people that didn't believe and did believe it.
Wasn't real animal at one point in time.
I don't think it exists now. I think it existed.
It's just a primate in the woods.
Okay. You don't think it exists.
You believe that exists. Now.
I did up to a certain point when I was like in this era with all of the cameras
and everything else, somebody would have caught one.
I was a little worried.
I was like, I don't believe in it now. I believe it existed at some point,
but I don't believe it exists.
Tell you something Charlemagne has this amazing power to manifest. Okay.
So I see how it could lend itself when you believe something
so much, it becomes real. Right? Right.
I could see how it manifests itself into things like Bigfoot.